<h1>monoGames-Developers</h1>
<p>Welcome to all developers who have taken this opportunity to join monoGames. There are 3 categories that you can join and they are Game Dev, Social Dev and Sustainable Dev which all play an important role in keeping monGames prosperous, thriving and sustainable in the Metaverse interacting with The Real World. We have 12 Blockchains which include Signum, Ethereum, Solana, Polkadot, DOGE, Koinos, Hive, Wax, BSC, Pirate Chain, Dragon Chain and Zill that will be working together to build monoGames. Each Blockchain will have a token represented in the monoGames ecosystem. To earn in monoGames you will need to look at the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Tokenomics">Tokenomics</a> of monoGames which is very rewarding especially if you are a part of the monoGames Developer Team early on but as more Developers join so will the rewards be divided in those categorizes diminishing the earning potential over 5 years of daily reward air drops.

There are a few rules to keep monoGames sustainable. We have two types of Members, Silver Memebers (Stake 1,000,000 of all 12 tokens) and Gold Members (Stake 10,000,000 of all 12 tokens) who have staked a lot of tokens and also believe in monoGames. They have paid up front for a great experience, so as we are the developers we need to keep these Members happy with freebies which will be explained when you connect your project to monoGames so please make allowances for our Members to have special privileges.
</p>

<h3>Game Developer</h3>
<p>Anyone can develop games in monoGames even any of the 12 blockchains can build a game using their token but will need to add the monoGames Token (MTG) as part of their reward system. We hope developers come up with some really cool games for players to Play2Earn. As mentioned in the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Tokenomics">Tokenomics</a> of monoGames, there is a daily airdrop of approximately 9,863,013.6 that last 5 years to all Game Dev's who create and maintain games for monoGames. Obviously the more Developers that create games the more you need to divide that reward pie so the early creators and maintainers will definitely earn considerable rewards.
</p>
  
<h3>Social Developer</h3>
<p>The Social Developers will look to create a futuristic social media platform which includes a <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Lounge-monoSol-">monoGames Social Lounge (monoSol)</a>, <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Media-monoMedia-">monoGames Social Media (monoMedia)</a> and a <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Faction-Social-Lounges">Faction Social Lounge</a> for each of the 12 Blockchain <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Factions">Factions</a> which are a part of monoGames which will interconnect with all parts of monoGames especial the Games and Sustainability part of monoGames to share experiences players have with fellow team mates, the monoGames community and the world. You will need to apply or be invited to be part of the Social Developer Team. As mentioned in the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Tokenomics">Tokenomics</a> of monoGames, there is a daily air drop of approximately 9,863,013.6 that last 5 years to all Social Developers to create and maintain the Social aspects of monoGames. 
</p>
  
<h3>Sustainable Developer</h3>
<p>If your a strong believer in Sustainability like I am (Founder) then this is a dream job come true. I have a lot of Sustainable projects that I would love to start and be part of monoGames. One of the areas I see Sustainability in monoGames is where monoGames partners with sustainable products and services to interact with the monoGames Metaverse and The Real World. These partnership will eventually lead to long term sponsorship deals with monoGames in several ways. If we look at sustainable energy, monoGames might partner with Tesla where Tesla sponsors monoGames and in return monoGames uses Tesla logo's on all our NFT energy devices you need to power up buildings, vehicles, portals, etc while also giving player rewards for using those NFT energy devices. We also want to go one step further, if anyone can prove they own any Tesla product or service through a Qcode verification system, monoGames would reward them for those devices too. All sponsorship deals would go back into monoGames ecosystem to keep it sustainable. So there are many opportunities to build the infrastructure to building these ideas into reality. You will need to apply or be invited to be part of the Social Developer Team. As mentioned in the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Tokenomics">Tokenomics</a> of monoGames, there is a daily air drop of approximately 9,863,013.6 that last 5 years to all Sustainable Developers to create and maintain these Sustainable Projects. 
  
</p>

<h3>Summary</h3>
<p>
For any of the 12 Blockchains that can not add a token to their coin there will be a Token.Swap added for that coin. Also if there is no current market place to host NFT's for any of the 12 Blockchains initially, that their NFT's will be on the Signum NFT Market Place. monoGames will put a dedicated team together in association with any of the 12 Blockchains developers to help build either the token and/or the Market Place for those that don't have them currently. monoGames is more than building games, we are about creating opportunities to give value to everyone in the monoGames ecosystem the way they want to earn. We are open to ideas and if you have any then please reach out to our <a href="https://discord.gg/5V4Y7y2gwV">discord</a> and let us know, we would love the feedback because monoGames is more than just games "were building a sustainable gaming ecosystem together with our ever evolving community". 
</p>
